Let's say that we've created our model now.
We have our K and N dot predict function that we can now run whenever we want to perhaps use let's say
a user inputs a whole new photo that we haven't seen before of an iris flower.
And we want to predict what that flower type is.
How can we do that.
Well let's create a new variable here.
Let's say a sample equals and create our own sample data.
If we go to our data over here
we see that the data set over here has 1 2 3 4 parameters.
So this is an array that contains 5.1.
Three point five one point four and zero point two so let's just enter some numbers here.
Let's say that here we have three then five then four then two and then the second image has a parameter
of 2 and 3 and 5 and 4.
So that's our sample data we can now give our can then predict function which is our model.
These sample data so let's say that's going to equal the predictions variable and let's just do something
neat with some list comprehension here.
We'll say that they predict species is going to equal the iris dot target names p for p which is a variable
that we create in the predictions so I'm just using a little nice shorthand Python syntax to hopefully
give us the prediction answers.
So let's say print and then our predictions is going to be the predict species so that if I run this
whoops What a mess up here.
Targa names not Tiger names target names.
Let's run that again.
There you go.
These are my predictions.
So the first one is versus color and the second one was predicted to be Virginia.
Well it's hard to say if it's right or wrong.
Right.
That's why we have a test dataset so that we know the answer to these questions.
Ideally we have a human labeled these so that we can test and see if this was right or wrong.
Right now we don't know if it's right or wrong but at least we know that it's making predictions and
it's making predictions at a ninety six percent accuracy based on our white test data.
Very very cool.